feat: css magazine (#43507)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-grid-magazine/part-001.md

---
id: 61437d575fb98f57fa8f7f36
title: Part 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-1
---

# --description--

Begin with your standard HTML boilerplate. Add a `DOCTYPE` declaration, an `html` element, a `head` element, and a `body` element.

> Within the `head` element, add a `meta` tag with the appropriate `charset`, and a `meta` tag for mobile responsiveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `meta` tag with the appropriate `charset` and a `meta` tag for mobile responsiveness within the' head' element.
```
